hey
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah hey
[Music]
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah
good morning
good afternoon
good evening no matter where you're
coming from
let's go
I hope you are doing well we don't get
got we don't get got indeed we go get
let's go last class
I'm so excited that you all are here
we got some some some things to
reminisce some things to celebrate some
thank yous to be had
but uh let's just
let's just take it in for a moment as a
community has taken chat
let's take in the the the the twitchness
I hope
you all are doing well first try
Melody Dev hey thank you for the gifted
subs and congrats huge huge
thank you all so much for being here
don't cry don't cry yet
it's so good to see you all uh it's so
good this get to spend uh another
morning afternoon or evening with you
and uh we got some fun stuff to get into
so things are going to talk about some
things that we're going to celebrate
it ain't the end though it ain't the end
this community is just getting started
uh until tonight we celebrate that just
a little bit
oh there are some folks that sneaked in
today I I like I I saw even in the
celebrations channel uh I was counting
up the jobs
I was counting up the jobs
and I do uh what
[Music]
[Laughter]
D5 d8 DC a thank you pretty good this
house uh I was counting up the jobs and
um
I don't keep track of them during the
cohort
and different a thank you for being here
I don't keep track of doing the core I
think that's too much for me to focus on
each one coming in
uh so
I like that Focus to shift like once
graduation once today's done I shift my
focus it comes all about Focus getting
the job uh I I try to lean into the
stand-ups I try to lean into
[Music]
um
that that Focus so I I don't pay
attention to it during the cover I think
that's the wrong Focus because truly if
you got in the job already that's great
but you're ahead of the curve you should
be like applying now not applying but
like networking your way in now Micah
hey thank you if you get the subs uh and
so
I was going through it
and uh
I really thought it'd be like 50.
and I was like all right we'll get we
have like 50 in the bang it's kind of
where it was the previous cohort maybe
maybe maybe 75 I see them come through
and I just texted my life I was like
what the [__] is going on like it's just
it's not stopping I'm screenshotting I'm
screen chatting I'm screen chatting like
it's it's literally not stopping uh it
was way more than I ever imagined at
this stage of program because we're just
getting stuck started yes Tonight is the
last class but this community is just
getting started with the hunt uh until
blew my mind we're gonna talk about that
in a bit though
get in here
uh we always like to start off as you
know with the questions and stuff like
that we're gonna get to there in a
second uh as you know I always put
lyrics on every slide
uh the slides the slides aren't the
aren't the ones on the nightbot uh
because I don't want people to be able
to like peek ahead but um
I always put lyrics on every single
slide deck I've ever made I put the
lyrics on there and uh this lyric means
a lot to me and I think it means a lot
for our community and so this is 21
Savage's reply
to folks calling them out from being
from the UK and I and I love this
uh he said I'll risk it off from a name
I was coming hard before I came I ain't
know nothing about no Visa I was in the
park with the gang mom's been feeling
bad I try to tell her she's not to blame
no social security couldn't get a
license but I still didn't complain I
went and got it we are not the same
we're not the same folks everyone that's
here right now is not the same we came
we got it
because we go get
and I don't know how to say it any
better than that
but we came and we got we didn't get got
we came and we got
we are not the same each person that
showed up that's given up their nights
their weekends their their their their
free time to uh to to pursue a dream to
pursue
a better life from themselves to pursue
a better life for their family to pursue
a better life
and actually went about it
cause so many folks Reach Out Leon How
Can I code how can I learn how to do
this how can I do this
so many folks think they want it they'll
even say they want it but they're not
ready to carry the boats and the logs
and each person
that continue to show up class after
class week after week month after month
putting in the work
you're not the same
you're built different
you have something in you that other
folks don't have
you're a [__] software engineer
but more than that you got heart
it takes a lot to continue to show up
so I don't care where you're at in the
process I don't care how deep in the
hunt you are I don't care if you're on
class one or class 69
you're not the same
you decide if there's something that you
wanted
and you put in the work to get it done
unlike thousands and thousands of other
people that say they want it but they
kind of want it
they're not willing to put in the work
so
I want you to carry that with you
through tonight
through the rest of our time together as
we kind of wrap up the things we need to
wrap up with this cohort but for forever
there's people that say they're about it
and then there are people that are about
it you're about it
and no matter what comes your way
no matter how hard the Hunt is I want
you to know that I believe in you
this community believes in you and
you'll get where you want to go
match your frustration
be consistent
and take care of yourself
you're not the same
cool
all right so tonight I got a lot of
thank yous I need to throw out there
a lot of things I want to say
we're going to talk about what's next
and then we're gonna we're gonna hang
out we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna
we're gonna do some stuff together this
evening so as always I like to give
folks a few seconds to get in here you
got questions
I got some answers
will there be pizza so many people have
said they were getting dominoes like
people were at stand up for saying they
got their dominoes already if you're
eating your dominoes cheers to you
today is my birthday hold on what
today's my birthday our graduation I got
a call from crew today telling me they
are giving me an offer over six figures
95 remote Fortune 500 a TJ Ken
congratulations that's huge we have like
three or four
jobs in the chat like what I have no
idea if this still works this might be a
hot mess
all right it still works look at me go
happy birthday and congratulations on
the new job that's wild
we gotta we gotta update these numbers
we gotta update these numbers folks
uh will we get a questionnaire for the
stats at some point yeah uh wall and I
are gonna be working on a couple
different surveys that we'll be sending
out post program
uh one will be just like feedback like
hey what things you want to see change
what things uh went well what didn't go
well like
really trying to figure out how we could
improve things and then the other one
it'll just be like hey tell me all the
good stuff that happened
um tell me about your clients tell me
about your jobs tell me about your open
source projects like a lot of the stuff
that
just happened throughout the cohort we
like to keep track of it
um just so we can share it with the
community and and and do something cool
with it and hopefully Inspire folks that
are still in the catch-up crew uh to
inspire folks that might want to do a
possible next cohort
um so yeah
Jasper with the strategy thank you not
gonna do more you know what you need to
do if you want to see the the real
stretching
oh anahydrate thank you for the hydrate
cheers to you
let's go
cool
some Channel points like they're going
out of style
when will merch be available well I got
I wheeled and dealed
a hundred of y'all
could get free merch because we're all
about the free stuff we're gonna talk
about that in a bit uh we'll we'll have
merch later on but there's gonna be a
way for you to get free merch so we're
going to talk about towards the end uh
tonight uh we have a sponsor that's
going to sponsor merch which is wild I'm
really excited about it so we'll talk
about that at the end uh once we have
our
we're gonna have some fun tonight we're
gonna have like another like virtual
conference party whatever we want to
call it uh and we'll we'll have the
merch available then as well as always I
don't make any money off the merch we we
sell it at Cost as cheap as we can make
it
cool
release the office hours videos nope
no unfortunately not uh there are some
perks of going through the program live
and that's one of them
are we doing a cohort three uh is that
actually a that's not on me that's on
yawn we're gonna talk about that in in
the in the end
back in review we'll make it onto to
YouTube we're still behind on YouTube
now that we're we're done with class and
I have more time
um we'll be able to upload everything
cool
all right everybody thank you for the
questions let's get into it
hey
you said this you and this community
motivate me every day I feel the exact
same way
all right folks important stuff
this Friday T spill
I will be at six o'clock in our
classroom in our classroom no on Discord
old slide uh six o'clock on Discord
t-spill uh if you have me coming to
these tea spills you're missing out
uh really just phenomenal information
uh phenomenal just like gems being
dropped like real boots on the ground
experience of what it's like to really
get a job so definitely check out these
t-spills uh
there's just stuff that I can't that we
can't say outside of them and so to
really ask real questions about what
it's really like to get a job the real
nitty-gritty the things that work that
didn't work uh that's Friday and we're
gonna keep them going
t-spills are going to keep going
um into the holidays and we have a lot
of books that got jobs so I think we can
kind of keep this going uh for for a
while because I really think it's
important I think it's where we share a
lot of the important bits on how to get
a job and when it's like the real
experience is really like
mm-hmm
uh we're still going to keeping up our
Sunday office hours so uh not this
Sunday I'm taking I'm taking the weekend
off folks
not this uh
what you're saying connection
network error two uh that's not on my
end it seems like it's on on they're
running ads or something that's weird
let's see
no I'm alive
yeah I think I think they tried to run
as for some reason
I didn't see any spikes of mine so yeah
it must have been them trying to run ads
or something cool
switch was taking a break too
exactly uh so Sunday I'm taking this
Sunday off but we'll be back next week
uh we're also doing daily stand-up uh so
every single day uh we have stand up
and
hmm
yeah I think that's on twitch's side
wasn't wasn't bothered on mobile
yeah
what is up with people getting jobs
today what
why share on Discord please have you got
a job today please put it in the
celebrations Channel
Leon Hunter does thank you got a job
today
I would show that I quit I could about
eight weeks ago getting back into class
like what that's wild
[Music]
um
that's wild six figures a
congratulations
which doesn't want you to uh
to to graduate
Mara redeemed a spicy rant Mar what's
your spicy rant
uh pedagogy the oppressed positive
version how you use it to improve
people's lives
interesting okay so so a positive spicy
rant
I'll figure out how can I make it spicy
but positive all right education is
[__] let's start there
so if you didn't see it they redeemed a
spicy rant uh the way that I teach was
heavily impacted by a book called
pedagogy the oppressed uh the core
tenant is this idea that the oppressed
are just as equally able to lead their
education as the oppressors and
it fundamentally changed how a lot of
folks teach and for me uh
it has probably been the biggest impact
on my pedagogy uh so no testing no
quizzes uh nothing where I am the
Arbiter of your except of your success
right uh even things like me giving you
solutions to problems
is a problem because why am I here to
say that your stuff is better than my
stuff or my stuff is the correct way of
doing something and so you'll notice
that a lot of stuff has always been
binary does it look like the salon
website does it look like the brownies
recipe does it you
decide whether or not you have achieved
the goals and the objectives yes I am
here to shine a light uh but I am not
here to dictate what success looks like
for you also why I don't have a
curriculum because having a curriculum
is oppressive it means that I am the one
in control of what we do and how we do
it and that's just [__] up
I rather see how folks are going and if
we need to take three weeks to cover a
topic we take three weeks to cover a
topic if I planned out two weeks to
cover something and it takes us a class
well then it's my job to figure out how
the next class should be the thing that
we should be moving on to
and so this idea that
there are a lot of things in our
educational model that
are pretty just damn bad there's also
this idea of banking models of Education
there's a lot of things that just come
up that we've just been ingrained into
how education should be and the thing I
love most about a hundred devs is we're
proving that we can throw it all out and
have amazing results
right you don't need to pay tens of
thousands of dollars
you don't need to have
an in classroom experience you can do it
online from the comfort of your own home
or library or wherever you watch these
classes
you don't need
you don't need a lot of stuff
that the traditional system says that we
need
and
that's been the grand experiment with
100 devs because I didn't know if it
would work and as you're hearing the T
spills there's some OG's and then there
are some triple ogs
and um
we we did it in increments right we we
had this first like five week course
where I was like can I teach online
and then we did a a a smaller like
cohort and we got jobs and then we did a
bigger cohort and we got jobs and we
have a lot of stuff to build
the current way 100 devs Works still
lets folks fall through the cracks there
are still things that we need to improve
and fix to make sure
that everyone has a fair shot at getting
a job that could fundamentally change
their lives and
we're going to talk about that I I have
some ideas about ways I think we can do
it uh I have some ideas about what I
think the next version of 100 Dev should
look like but I want to work with y'all
like there is no next cohort without the
community coming together to build with
that next cohort looks like and that's
what I'm most excited about once we've
gotten past graduation and once folks
have gotten jobs and they have the
energy and time to pull folks along with
them what could that really look like at
scale
and I think
we have an opportunity to do something
really really special
there are so many folks that reach out
that
are built different just like we are
that just need a fair shot
at working hard
a fair shot at an educational
opportunity that doesn't cost money that
they'll never their family will never
see in their lifetimes
a fair shot at
realizing that not everyone has the
privilege of sitting through this much
Educational Opportunity without making
money and so I think we're gonna talk
about that at the end of today I think
there's a lot of things that we are in a
unique position to change fundamentally
about education how people learn how
people support themselves while they're
learning and can ultimately change their
lives and so that's that's the goal
and we're living it we're absolutely
[__] living it
the the number the amount
and this rant will come to an end
the amount of hate
you have to endure
to do good on the internet right now is
absurd
the number of comments that I get the
emails the messages the replies about
how what we're doing is wrong or or or
they just don't like the way that we
teach or they don't like the things that
I say like the haters
they can all go [__] themselves we got
hundreds of jobs
we got hundreds of jobs hundreds
go [__] yourself
stay mad big mad
we're gonna keep getting jobs
and once we get jobs we're bringing
three more folks along with us so you
can you can keep shining your your
Golden Gate
not realizing that we walked around it a
year ago
keep polishing it that's all you're
worth
[Laughter]
uh so yeah thank you for the rant uh you
gotta you gotta spend those Channel
points folks
um
repetagogy of the oppressed it's a dense
book it's not an easy book maybe read
The Cliff Notes I think there's a lot of
stuff that once you like actually think
about it you go wait a minute the whole
like the whole education system just
[__] up
cool
all right let's go back to what we
signed up to do hey I got I gotta I
gotta do you sending the channel points
I gotta do it
thank you thank you for the hydration
cheers to you
posture check thank you
stretch all right thank you
alrighty uh once again we're doing daily
stand-up we have 500 plus people in
these stand-ups every single day uh we
go through a technical coding question
we've been building up
uh yesterday we saw sets and how we can
start using sets to solve problems uh
today we just answered questions because
I wanted to make sure we had a lot of
time for questions because tomorrow we
have t spill but Monday through Thursday
we have stand up Friday we typically
have tea spills if we don't have a
t-spill we have stand up but come
through
uh the thing that makes me super super
excited is that I know there are 500
plus people still working every single
day towards getting a job because they
keep showing up to stand up and I'm sure
there's double that that can't make it
that time but uh it's it's a really it's
really motivational and I'm gonna keep
doing them if people keep showing up so
definitely show up
we do about 20 minutes of reviewing data
structures and algorithms type problem
and about 10 minutes of answering
questions from things folks are running
into right now
cool uh some some wins we should talk
about
throughout the cohort
245 plus hour stream live on Twitch this
cohort
245.
on Twitch
then we also have Discord which I
couldn't find any analytics on how to do
it on Discord but
245 hours streamed
of class
and office hours and then we're probably
like another 40 plus hours on Discord
because we switched to doing our our
power hours and our in our in our
tea spills and all that stuff on
discords we're probably like 300 hours
just live together
and that's just me
that's not stream team
you include stream team we're a thousand
hours of content easily uh for folks
that are going through this cohort so I
think it's just amazing to sit back and
think if you came to every class
that's 245 hours you've you've invested
in your education and your future and
your career and nobody could take that
from you you're built different
let's go
our community this cohort this isn't
like in total because we still had stuff
from last cohort this cohort
300 plus of y'all
helped and volunteered with the
Grassroots organization or non-profit
300 plus people
took their coding ability and helped a
Grassroots or or a non-profit
took their skills and bettered the world
with those skills
what
let's go
thank you
350 plus of y'all
contributed to open source or free
software projects
350 plus of y'all and these are just the
people that tell me this stuff because I
know there are some of you that are on
this this stream right now that have
done this Grassroots stuff that have
done this open source stuff and just
didn't fill out the form or posting
celebrations Channel I see you
fill it out when the survey comes out
next week fill it out so I know
245 hours
I just want you to fill out a form
please
or please
please just so we know
100 plus of y'all
Grassroots
350 plus of y'all open source
contribution you are open source
contributors
you know how I know that you all are
open source contributors because people
be emailing me Leon we have a lot of
folks from 100 devs using our service or
contributing code let's talk because
when something when something good gets
found out y'all just Zoop
and so I know y'all outside y'all
outside you online I see y'all
half a million plus in client work
half
a million
plus and I would like I I was trying to
pull these numbers together it's way
more than half a million
I I was still counting at like 600 but
500 just half a million just sounds
better
but it I know it's over 600 at least
and I know a lot of y'all just don't
tell me
and that's the beauty right the beauty
if you live up you don't owe me [__] if
you don't want to fill out the form
don't fill out the [__] form I don't
care
that's the beauty of 100 devs you could
go you could never say anything you can
never do anything you could still get
the value out of it
you could still get all the benefits in
the world and I appreciate you all the
same
I appreciate you all the same but this
is the books that do let me know
and so I know it's it's above this right
and as I was going through
as I was going through
and I was pulling together the the job
just the job posts
the wild thing is I was just like trying
to screenshot all the jobs
is that like for every job
there were like three people saying they
got a client
and the the amount of money that they
were making while they were going
through a program
I can't that's that's
the whole point
that's all I want to build
education should not just be free
it should be paid
not everyone has the privilege of free
time to educate themselves and not make
money
and so to see that we brought in over a
half a million dollars while you were
learning that's that's
that's the point that's it that's all I
care about
that's the future
time is a luxury that not everyone has
and if we can figure out how to make
this work that unlocks it for everyone
and so this is the number that I that
the next number is great
but this is the number that I'm proud of
the fact that we were able to take the
skills that you work so hard on and get
value and give value to clients and
those clients gave you real money
that's huge
and then counting so far the jobs from
just this cohort
just this cohort we're over 200. like
this is what I was doing I was like all
right here are the the ones I pinned
from last cohort like over a hundred
jobs last cohort easy I pinned 50 of
them in the channel you can only pin 50
in the channels like all right let me
let me let me let me get the screenshots
of all the rest
and I was thinking I'd be here with like
50 and you'll see the time stamps it was
just it was just three four hours I was
just screenshotting jobs you ready
so this I think this is funny this is in
the celebrations Channel my reaction
when I go through those pin stories
people making 14 an hour and getting
written offers for 150 000 I wonder how
life-changing it is for though I love
them and then this person got a job
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
boom boom boom and some of these are
like
cohort one mixed in the beginning I just
just folks that post in a celebration
Challenge from this year boom boom boom
boom boom boom boom
[Music]
boom boom hold on hold on
nah
where's that where's that hype
[Music]
yes I'm talking about
um
200k what
I need to make one of those tick tocks
where it's like
uh from the Drake lyric
don't don't tell me you ate an educator
if you ain't got 200 jobs like don't
don't say you're a model unless you've
been invoked I just need to do this and
then it just needs to like stream
through
this is the person that posted the
original meme
[Music]
I got a stretch this is tiring
foreign
[Music]
doing the tea spill tomorrow folks
foreign
too much winning
thank you
let's
[__]
go
let's
[__]
go 10 second warning
10 second warning
five second warning
foreign
[Music]
thank you
all right that was a little egregious
laughs
oh boy oh boy
oh my
[Laughter]
God thank you for the hydration ayo
and we're just [__] getting started
folks we're just getting started most of
y'all haven't even started the hunt yet
we're at 200 from this cohort alone
and we're we're not even
we're not even like in the hunt for most
of y'all
like what
let's go now
for the triple triple ogs
I've mentioned this once before
um
but we were almost not named a hundred
devs
I always went with the 300
there's some like sus stuff around like
history that I didn't want to like name
us the 300 because of but that was my
goal
I'm not a person that likes to like put
my big goals out there like I understand
that the psychology behind doing it I
like to just
I like to set the goals internally
and when I hit them I let you all know
and so my Big Goal where I was like I
sat down and I was like
if
if I did this
and we really knocked it out the park
what would that look like
I was like 50 jobs I've done that 100
jobs I've done that with RC like if I'm
gonna do this online we're going to open
it up to as many folks house like 200. I
was like yeah 200 somewhere and I was
like nah 300. so 300 was like my pie in
the sky like if I put in two years worth
of work like that's when I would be
happy about it
and uh we hit it
that's not where we're stopping because
we're just getting started folks the
fact that 500 of y'all are still showing
up to stand up every day I know that
everybody can make that time so there's
like a thousand plus of us that are
still gearing up and readying for the
hunt there's no reason why we have to be
a hundred devs or the 300 it should be
above a thousand right and so if you are
here right now
I am going to ask you for one thing
I don't ever like to ask you all for
anything in fact you can disregard what
I'm about to say this should be
completely free free of money free
aspect free of expectations free of
anything coming my way
but I have I have an ask
if you are here
help each other get across the finish
line
that's it
how many of us are there right now I
look before the before the great
blackout well now we're at 1700.
we're over 1700 folks that are still
carrying the boats and the logs so if
you're one of the 200 this cohort when
you're part of the 300 that have already
gotten jobs from 100 devs
I want you to turn around and the first
thing I ever told you is bring three
more
so if you've gone through turn around
bring three more with you I don't care
what that looks like whether that's
helping people on Discord helping people
that reach out to you on Twitter turn
around and bring three more with you
because if the 300 turn around and bring
three
that's everyone here
all right
the folks that are still showing up to
stand at the folks that are ready to
carry the boats and logs that's the deal
right it's all it is
just help
the you gotta add the 300 to it that's
1200.
we're taking some creative Liberties so
and then you got to realize that those
three then turn around and bring more so
it's exponential we're talking like
quadratic here like it makes sense quick
maths right
you bring them along
and we all get there
if you're still here don't give up
that's it you heard it from folks in the
celebrations Channel you heard it from
folks in the T spill manage your
frustration be consistent and take care
of yourself and you will get on this
list as well
there is nothing
stopping you from getting a career in
Tech other than you giving up
that's all there is
we're Community taught through and
through
this community will not let you fail if
you lean into the community
if you ask questions on Discord you'll
get those questions answered if you show
up in voice channels people will help
you if you show up to
any of our events people
will help you
Community taught through and through and
if you've already made it through
it's time to turn around and bring more
folks with you
we have a chance to do something really
special
something that's never been done before
something that could change the lives of
folks around the world
and we owe it to ourselves to take that
shot to not give up to push to make
things better to push to help more
individuals and to give a little bit
more time to those that need it
we're just getting started
cool now
a lot of folks are saying thank you in
chat that's great I don't like the thank
yous
because here's the thing
I didn't do the work
I I get to make tweets that honestly
make me look pretty good
but I didn't put in that labor
I didn't put in that work
I Shine the Light
yeah I did stream a little bit I did
some stuff
but uh you did the work
I can't force you to do it
I can't make you show up
I can't make you
do the homework do your code Wars do
your Anki
you put in the work
and so while it's nice to say thank you
I I don't like it
you put in the work you are the Arbiter
of your success the good things that are
happening to you or will happen to you
would have happened without me because
you are built different
you decided to change your life
you decide to put in the work you
decided to not give up you decided to do
things that thousands and probably
millions of other people won't do the
things that they say they want to do
but don't want to do
so for that
we're doing that for showing up time and
time again I am immensely
immensely thankful
because I had a dream I had something
that I wanted to build
but it required you all to to give me a
little faith to give me a little belief
and then to put in an immense amount of
work
to you all put in that work
and you deserve all the good things that
are coming your way
so I got some thank yous I gotta say
uh before we get into the thank yous
though it's just it's honestly the
community first right this community is
amazing this community continues to show
up support each other to take care of
each other and in line with that
our our Three core tenants our manager
frustration be consistent you're
consistently showing up and the third is
take care of yourself and so we are
going to take care of ourselves right
now we're at the top of the hour even
though we're having fun we're
celebrating our wins it's still
important that we take care of ourselves
we're healthy if you're able please get
up move around
hydrate and we come back we got a lot of
fun stuff to talk about so I'm gonna put
a timer up on the clock here
five minutes on the clock
beautiful pumpkin platter added two
minutes to the timer wow flamingos thank
you for the hydration cheers to you
all right seven minutes
all right buddy
in seven minutes if you're able
please get out move around hydrate take
care of yourself kiss some babies and
I'll see you all in seven I'm back
you're gonna play a new Pokemon game
hell yeah can't wait
scarlet and violet comes out I'm pumped
reading all the leaks and having a good
time
everybody welcome back welcome back
so we I said I need to say some thank
you first and foremost Community or
Community taught through and through but
there's a lot of folks I want to say
thank you to uh while we while we have
everyone together tonight uh before we
get into some other fun stuff that we're
gonna be doing soon
so
first thank you to my wife
really big thank you to my wife and my
new little one
um
to to say Hey you know this thing that I
used to spend a lot of time doing
freelancing that makes us a lot of money
I'm not going to do that anymore in fact
I'm gonna do this thing that costs us a
lot of money and takes up most of my
weeknights and at least half of every
weekend for two years
uh so the fact that uh Not only was my
wife super cool with that but
overwhelmingly supportive uh carrying
the burden on a lot of stuff at home to
make sure that I could do this
um means
a hell of a lot to me so
even after we had a little one and the
little one didn't do too well and got
better like to to go through that
emotional roller coaster and still be
supportive of everything that we're
doing here uh means a hell of a lot to
me so first and foremost my wife
and my little one because I I missed out
on some stuff because we're here
all right a big thank you
uh to
our mod team
uh and I'm gonna spend a few seconds
here uh because it's it's really
important uh
you have no idea
what it takes to make this work like you
really don't
and it started in the beginning so
you'll notice I have the current mod
team here and some OG mods here so I'm
going to start off by saying some things
um
when we first started talking about the
original boot camp
the the amount of vitral this community
faced the most vile and most disgusting
things you could think of were posted in
our twitch chat and it's because my day
job is helping black and brown folks get
jobs as software engineers and people
online hated that and they hated that I
proudly said that's what I do and that's
what I spent my life work on so when we
first started on Twitch
it was an absolute [__] show
I I mean I've been called some things in
my days
as a black man you you get you you get
desensitized to it a little bit but
being live being black
and being proud of it
the stuff that used to come into this
chat was ridiculous and Alyssa
was the person that made sure that none
of y'all saw it
so Alyssa is not with us these days
but in the beginning the reason why we
were able to do what we did
was because of them
otherwise
this wouldn't have happened we would
have left I just would have stopped uh
so Alyssa waded through the muck uh to
make this start uh and so
always will have my thanks
and then okayla and Jesse and OCC uh
picked up the mantle uh throughout the
first cohort and helped us shape this
community uh in ways that still Ripple
today
and then we have our current mod team
and I can't tell you
how much these people mean to me
that they give up
all hours of their day because being a
moderator is not like uh you're on
like I'm live Tuesday Thursdays Sundays
but mods are always on and they're
always on Discord they're always in the
chat and they're making sure you have a
phenomenal experience every day we
delete stuff from Discord
every single day we have some people
that
just don't know how to act we have spam
we have stuff that the mods are so quick
to remove to have passionate discussions
about whether or not these things are
right for our community do we want these
things to to continue and if you've ever
had a good experience at a hundred devs
it's because of the mods
blah and I talk once a week
and every good thing that I have come up
with has either come from blah or blah
has at least said not a good idea good
idea so all the cool stuff that's
happened at 100 devs has been because of
them
uh shaping huntober shaping uh how we
run class uh shaping how we build out
project team so behind the scenes blah
or director of community does just that
uh and I would have been lost in the
sauce without them to have that sounding
board to make sure I'm going in the
right direction each week uh that's all
blah
uh next the The unsung hero of Discord
our Discord would Screech to a halt if
it wasn't for diff Curry like it would
just break it would just stop working uh
from helping us build out the threading
system that we use in all the help
channels to making sure those help
channels actually run like there's so
much stuff
that breaks doesn't work or messages
that get lost in the sauce that they're
constantly surfacing to make sure that
the community keeps running uh so
literally the tools that we use
have come from divker they're constantly
showing new stuff constantly making sure
that we're making Discord as best as it
can be and the front line of going
through every single type of request
every single message the the moderation
that happens happens because divker
brings it up in our mod channels and
then we take action so
thank you divker I really do mean it
like this does not work without you
uh
Chris one of our our fearless moderators
has constantly been a source of
comfort for so many folks that are going
through 100 devs for folks that are
going through the roughest of times
Chris has sent some beautiful messages
that have made the difference
and so many people's lives because we
know that this is a roller coaster
we know that there are ups that there
are downs and they have the biggest
skill
when it comes to
helping people just be okay
Miriam OG as well
through the thick and thin not only
responding messages not always not only
just always rolling up their sleeves but
also making sure that I'm okay
sending me messages to say like keep
doing it or checking in to make sure I'm
okay or that that meeting sounds a
little weird how you feeling about it
has always come at the right time and
helped me do the things that I want to
do on top of all their moderation Duty
so a huge thank you
uh indifferent ghost is the person that
keeps me sane
uh because nobody has ever done this
before
uh nobody has done what we're doing live
and at scale and tried to pull as many
folks as we can forward and everything I
tell you this but every single class
I
don't know if I'm doing it right and
that imposter syndrome gets in like the
the lead up the class is always
nerve-wracking to me and indifferent is
always the person that has grounded me
that has experience teaching boot camps
has been like no we're doing the right
thing we're helping these people uh and
so they've always helped with the
direction of program but also just
letting me know that it's working and
that we're actually helping and we're
doing the right thing and so uh without
indifferent I would have given up long
time ago
uh Kieran
an amazing moderator uh that was always
bringing happiness to the moderation
team but also always making sure that
when the rest of us were asleep things
were still running smoothly
uh we're a global community
and they made it that
and
we wouldn't have been able to do a lot
of the things that we did uh without
them
Yolanda or cat emotion
has always stepped up in the most
when we need the most they're there the
messages that they've shared the things
that we've asked of them to do for this
community they've done our T spills they
they've shown up time and time again and
added a level of calmness and
and and kindness to this community that
I'm really thankful for
and then we do a lot of I I try to take
gambles I don't call them gambles but we
think of big ideas and we try to see if
they'll work and so telescope thieves
really helped us figure out project
teams and if we could have teams of
folks working and building on stuff and
they really made sure that folks came
together that were able to build the
first iteration of project teams and
really help lay their frown like the
groundwork for what I think is going to
be coming next and and so a huge thank
you to that
that's the moderator team I I hope you
all realize that none of this works
without them
and I hope that there are some of you
here
that want to rise to that challenge too
because we're going to need more of
y'all
we're gonna need more moderators as we
continue to grow
just these few people have brought our
community from zero to over 43
000 people this is it
thousand people
and this is it
for keeping everything running
volunteering their time giving up their
nights their weekends
it's mind-blowing
thank you to the stream team my goal is
for us to be Community taught
that's the thing I care about the most
I do not want to be the only person
instructing I do not want to be the only
person shining a path forward I want us
to collectively bring folks into the
careers that they want
without the stream team we would have
lost a lot of folks a lot of folks that
were stuck that needed help that needed
a different way of visualizing seeing
things doing things to review homework
together to to continue to push to
provide motivation on the days that we
weren't live
our community would have withered very
quickly
and the stream team is what helped our
community grow and and be more than just
one person to really be a community to
really be Community taught
and I didn't know it would be these
people but I am thankful every day that
it was my wolf has shown up time and
time again for all of y'all the most
difficult topics they try and break down
they don't try they do they break down
in ways that make sense with compassion
and kindness and pulling you
begrudgingly through homework spending
hours
hours what was it 12 hours like just
hours through stuff that you would have
had to have done
alone
and the fact that so many of you didn't
have to do it alone
14 hours thank you
for travesty
is the beginning of community taught so
Community taught starts with my wolf
hello it's Rufio
has consistently
helped us do
things
that the community needed
I think uh they're back dating the
GitHub I think through uh their streams
where they started bringing other folks
into the community
hello truffio has time and time again
shown up for this community help folks
learn and to keep pushing once again not
alone
and fox fox has brought warmth to this
community provided a space for folks to
continue to do things like their code
Wars to do things that are honestly just
hard by yourself but to do it together
best living up to community taught
and then the OG stream team which first
made this possible dab who you heard
during the T spill single-handedly
brought dozens of y'all into jobs
OCC paved the way for a lot of folks in
this community to continue learning and
to believe in themselves that they could
actually learn this stuff too
so to the stream team a huge thank you
we're Community taught and these folks
show us every single day what that means
then we have a whole host of folks that
have been helpful uh and there's no way
I can list everyone I'm just gonna list
the folks that have been tagged up and
I'm hoping to tag out more of y'all in
the coming weeks as we kind of get these
surveys out and folks say who's been
helpful so these are folks that have
been helpful in the past but it is not a
comprehensive list when we do one of our
follow-up classes I'll have more folks
to add here because there are a lot of
you that aren't on here that deserve to
be on here and I'm going to add you so
folks that continue to show up and help
our community in different ghosts who
who I've I've talked about who has had a
huge impact on all of us and our
community Rascal 2 who's continue to
show up time and time again for this
community from everywhere from YouTube
to Discord to Twitch
to the help channels they have been
instrumental in this cohort actually
making it leveler ski wallet
folks from the OG ogs that were
continually in our in our channels when
there was nobody else answering
questions pulling folks along
I'm immensely thankful RAV who you know
from our raids that continues to show up
in our Discord day in and day out Nick
has given
Untold hours of their time to help folks
even early on we were getting into
things like react and of course uh the
fairy job mother Stephanie who uh has
been doing an immense amount of
one-on-ones that has been coming to our
to our
to our Monday sessions it'll continue to
come to our Monday sessions that have
given us the templates and the things
that we need to to get our jobs I am
immensely immensely thankful to you all
and for the folks that are not on this
list you will be but for the folks that
give up their time for the folks that go
into the help channels and answer a
question I am immensely thankful
people always ask me what can I do to
support you what can I do to help 100
devs and my answer is always I don't
want your money
I want you to go into the help channels
and help somebody
and you know what
a lot of folks don't
a lot of folks will cap a lot of folks
will say Haley and I love 100 devs I
want to I want to help I want to help
but what they're really saying is I want
clout
okay put put me on put me on stream uh
share my book
go [__] yourself
if you want to help get in the help
channels
and actually help
that's it that's the best way you can
help I don't want your money I want your
time
not everybody wants to give it
so for the folks that do
literally the folks that do
that is the thankless
unsung
Heroes of 100 deaths I'll say it better
they're exactly there are people that
want the vanity as saying they help
others and then there are people that
just get in the trenches and help
that's it there's no way I could think
of it and I want a small army of folks
that want to get in the trenches and
they want to help and for the folks that
are on this list they're one of those
people
so thank you
if you've ever answered a question on
Discord thank you if you're saying Leon
I'm inspired I want to help I want to do
good go go answer questions on Discord
most questions
always have answers but they could
always have more
if you ever see a question that doesn't
have an answer
please
that's what I want
we also have alumni mentors that have
shown up to help our study communities
that started that continue to be an
extra set of eyes on on Discord and
continue to help shape this community
not just
getting the job or or completing program
and disappearing but coming back and uh
continuing to pull more people along
uh one of my
one of the happiest moments I had this
year
was honestly just looking at a voice
Channel and seeing so many of these
people a year plus later
just hanging out talking
that's a [__] community
right there's there's no other proof to
it than that
to literally see people on this on this
list that got theirs a year plus ago
that did what they wanted to do finish
program and then literally a year later
are just on voice channels
just because
just hanging out just talking
that's Community that's Community taught
and so I'm thankful for all these folks
that signed up to help others that pull
other people along thank you
uh thank you to the project team that
helped us figure out some stuff and how
we might have groups within 100 devs
that build stuff that we can all use uh
thank you Reddit
um
realistically most people are here
because they came from Reddit and um
while I I I have my concerns with
certain portions of it I love me some
Reddit and I think we would be a way
smaller Community
um without without it so for everybody
that came from Reddit what up
of course thank you 21 Savage
uh without 21 Savage uh all of our apps
wouldn't work because they all run on
2121 and uh thank you for inspiring a
lot of our projects and the things that
we built uh thank you for your latest
collaborations with Drake uh you
continue to be a source of inspiration
for our whole community
and then thank you to every single
person that showed up
and I say this specifically because
there are a lot of y'all because I got
the receipts
like I got I got the analytics folks I
know that there are a large portion of
you that have come to every single class
and have never said a damn thing
that I've never typed on Discord have
never typed in this chat have never gone
to Remo
um
I'm glad you're here
full stop
I don't care if you're just a lurker
that's okay we need lurkers too
but um thank you for showing up
when I talk about all this folks I talk
about the community I'm still talking
about you
because you're built different you
continue to show up you continue to help
folks find us continue to bump us to the
top
and uh I hope if you're one of those
folks that have never typed
and you have the ability to
help you decide to
put an emoji in chat if you want or just
say anything now it doesn't be no maybe
it'll be on Discord maybe it'll be in
our events later on but um I'm thankful
that you're here and I hope that you
continue to stay part of the community
even if you've just been lurking
so graduation
if you have been here since the
beginning you have put in the work uh if
you have continue to show up
congratulations
you have now
graduated
that's it
I don't need you to fill out a form I
don't need you to let me know
what you did first try you put in the
work and you've been here
congratulations
you have just graduated 100 devs
I'm gonna give a 10 second warning
and then we gotta play a little bit of
party music
five second warning
thank you
[Music]
put in the work
showed up it should be immensely proud
of the things that you've been able to
achieve
from
taking a risk
falling for the scam
signing up showing up
learning HTML
struggling between like oh I gotta look
up stuff on the mdn what what is what is
that H1
to to learning the basics of CSS
struggling with the Box model struggling
with why is this person teaching me
floats
thank you for being here and congrats to
both of y'all again
two
to to to getting some Flex in
to
to learning about responsiveness to
struggling with media queries to to
building the salon website and adding
some stuff to your Baseline portfolio
to learning the big foreign JavaScript
learning what the heck functions are
variables are Loops conditionals and
learning a programming language from
scratch
to taking that knowledge and starting to
build real stuff
real stuff that should be on your
portfolio to this day to getting into
apis and getting data back from NASA
could you can you just think about this
for a second
billions of years of evolution led to
humans humans then built out computers
those computers then
helped you learn how to code and
somebody else along that timeline built
a a big old camera that took a photo of
something deep in the galaxy and you
wrote code that took that photo and
showed it up on a screen
what is this
like what is that
to
to then taking that JavaScript and
understanding that the things that we
thought were JavaScript like the Dom not
JavaScript set interval set timeout not
JavaScript to learning about node in the
back end
to using that skills to build out
back-end applications to to learning how
to handle our views with ejs to learning
how [__] works and and adding documents
and then learning MVC and building out
bigger and bigger applications building
full stack web applications together
learning how to learn with Dr Barbara
Oakley to
getting clients contributing to open
source to to learning data structures
and algorithms a touch of react to
coming to stand up to
giving your nights and weekends to learn
folks
you're special
other individuals won't do those things
they'll say they want it
but they don't want to do the work all
the all the nightmares all those long
nights all that hard reading those hard
videos the stuff that didn't make sense
Leon why'd you say it like that I need
to go get me some Mine Wolf to explain
it better
you stuck through it
stuck through it
you managed your frustration
you did it
you met the first thing I told you to do
is manage your frustration
stayed consistent you got your [__] done
and I hope you took care of yourself
along the way because you're still here
that's how I know you did it because the
folks that didn't last listen to that
last piece they're not here anymore
taking care of yourself is is an equal
part of this process and as you go into
the hunt
as you go into what I think is the most
difficult part of this process I hope
you don't forget those three things
manage your frustration
be consistent
and take care of yourself
those three things got you to this point
they got you to graduating
and they're gonna carry you
through the hunt
ERS hat did everyone see Brendan's hat
is amazing
if you haven't followed them on Twitter
you're missing out
all right congratulations everybody
really well deserved
all right uh so what's next well uh
we're gonna have a virtual party uh it's
about finding the right platform for it
so probably uh right before the holidays
or maybe right after uh we're gonna have
a virtual party where we can hopefully
hang out with each other
um commiserate spend some some
well-earned time together just hanging
out and partying we're gonna do a little
bit of that tonight but I want a
slightly better platform that might be
open to more folks and then uh blah has
been trying to plan for a very long time
uh a West Coast Meetup so we're gonna
make it happen uh we're gonna do a West
Coast Meetup and then we're gonna talk
about 100 maintainers because I would
love to see a bunch of other local
meetups
um happen where folks come together and
we're gonna help try and facilitate that
so folks that have been uh going through
this experience might be able to see
some of you in like real life so
that's something we're going to start
trying to facilitate just to to say
hello to see each other so that's coming
you deserve to to celebrate your your
victories uh together so we'll do a
virtual party and then we're gonna also
try and help facilitate some meetups
um to to to so folks can can
celebrate together
so that leads us into what's next and
there's a couple big things I want to
talk about about what's next and the
first thing is that hunts Tober or
huntsgiving continues uh so every single
day we are doing stand-up or a t-spill
that's going to go throughout into the
holidays and probably a little bit after
I really want you all to have more
experience with data structures and
algorithms and that's just a little bit
of daily practice that we can do to to
learn all that
also it's a place for you all to ask
questions that you're running to on the
actual hunt you got an offer how do you
negotiate uh you got an interview what
should you prepare all this stuff that
keeps coming up uh we want a space for
you to be able to get that help and
support literally every single day and
so that's going to continue for the
foreseeable future
all right
hey there you go that's awesome
um we also are still finishing up the
first wave so the first wave of all the
uh hunttober stuff is still happening
touring is still happening the letters
the verifications and stuff like that
are still going out and now that I have
a little bit more time we'll be able to
get those things uh hopefully done
within uh the next week so that'll go
out very soon and then we'll send out
messages for wave two uh so give me
about another week week and a half for
wave one and then we'll figure out wave
two and then we'll figure out how to do
something for
um the rest of the community
can you please accept people into
LinkedIn group uh they've been accepted
make sure you have a lot of folks that
say Hey Leon I have a photo and a
description don't actually have a photo
and description pull up your profile on
a like separate window like an incognito
window and make sure you have those two
things uh if you do you get at it
cool so all those goodness still
continues uh wave one finishing up wave
two will be soon
and we'll keep going uh we also have a
few more classes that I want to get
through uh postgres testing agile
methodology uh I probably won't be the
only person doing these we'll probably
have guests that'll be joining me to
work through these things there's no
hard date for any of this stuff it's
just as I find the right folks from the
community that want to help me work
through it that's what we're going to do
um so we're going to get to these and a
few other things I think are important
to just be on the top of your brain
and then I need a lot of help
like
a lot of help
um
folks keep asking about a third cohort
and
there is no way a third cohort happens
without help from the community
and so I've had this idea for a little
while called a hundred maintainers and
over the next few weeks we're going to
be sharing more basically next week's
surveys will be going out for feedback
and stuff like that and then also just
me trying to recruit folks for a hundred
maintainers folks that feel passionately
about what we are doing has an impact
and could change literally the
trajectory of some folks lives and their
careers
I want folks that are
committed to that mission committed to
the idea of what we built here is
special and wants to see it grow and
there are so many things that I want to
have someone
take charge of
from our YouTube
from our social media from our website
to our documentation for each class like
there's so many projects that get put on
the back burner that if we had someone
that wanted to step up rise up to the
challenge and
own and then be supported by the
community be supported by myself and
blah and the rest of the moderator team
um
that's that's the future right the
future is
us coming together to build hands down
the best experience possible and so on
that form will be a lot of things that I
think we need but I am open to whatever
you think would improve the next cohort
if you are serious about owning it and
making it the best it can be so I really
want someone to make sure that our help
channels are the best that they can be I
want to make sure that as I am building
out the
the um
the platform for our jobs right like I
want to like we have the job board
that's launching relatively soon I want
somebody that wants to own the
relationships with the companies that go
on the job board I want somebody that
owns the relationships with the folks
that we bring on as guests to our
streams like there's so many things that
we could be doing and firing and off
cylinders if folks from this community
wanted to do it and so when folks asked
me when is the next when is the next
cohort I don't know if we can figure out
all these things and support not just a
thousand people but ten thousand people
a hundred thousand people going through
a program like this that gets me excited
right that gets me excited how can we
support we went from 300 right to to
thousands how do we go to ten thousands
and that is a scope beyond me
right that's a scope Beyond me and so if
we're really Community taught
we need to build out those systems that
help the entire community
and that's what I think 100 maintainers
should be and so maintainers are from
open source communities so uh and
open source communities you have a
maintainer somebody that owns that part
of the project
and that's what I want for 100 devs I
want somebody that wants to own that
part of the project that gets all the
Laurels that gets all the wins that uh
can proudly say hey I handle this at 100
devs
um and that's what we're looking for
and so we'll be sharing a forum next
week uh that you can sign up if you'd
like to sign up and that will have a
place
um
to share what you think you would want
to handle if it's not on that list and
so that's 100 maintainers we I already
had so many folks that have come out and
said they want to do this and so it's
going to take us a while things are
going to not be great in the beginning
we're going to find ways to build out
consistent documentation to build out
consistent process nobody has done this
at scale nobody has done this where they
have 40 plus thousand people on a
Discord thousands of plus people in each
class and so there will be speed bumps
but I think together we can build
something that really works well for the
next cohort of 100 deaths
and so that's if you want to that's one
thing I really want to focus on for the
next cohort
then
my baby
the thing that I have won it since the
beginning
is the agency
and so the agency site will be going
live
uh
it's not done
so PR's are welcome once the site goes
live this weekend uh hand to God it is
going live uh and it will not be good
and so PRS are welcome
books that want to add documentation
that want to add things that help folks
learn more about 100 devs will be live
and
that'll be just the start
the long-term goal
is for individuals as they are learning
to have the ability
to complete pull requests and get paid
if you don't want to do that and you
just want the traditional 100 devs
experience that's okay
that's absolutely fine with me
um
but not everyone has that privilege
and I do not want to continue to build
systems that do not work for everyone
it is great that so many of us have the
luxury and privilege of time to work on
this stuff unpaid
not everyone has that privilege and so
for folks that need a way to fund the
time that they're investing as they are
learning that's where the agency comes
into play
uh I already have
some companies that want to work with us
but think about the power
right
think about the power of what our
community brings to an organization that
hires our agency
right think about it it's not just
development
it's beta testers it's QA it's maybe
initial customers it's promotion it's
thousands of likes and retweets before
they even freaking launch
unique Minds exactly bringing ideas to
their to their product
right
it's something that no other agency
could provide and we have the means to
do it and so my long-term vision is that
someone comes to the agency the project
gets broken down into digestible pull
requests or sorry digestible issues and
as you complete pull requests you get
paid a portion of what funds came into
the agency and if you don't want to do
that part that's okay if you do you now
have a means of getting paid while you
go through program and you also have
Real World Experience on your portfolio
when you graduate on your resume you can
put the real clients that you've worked
for so I pushed you all to do it
independently and now I would love to
help you do it not independently but
through the agency and so this will be a
hard-fought victory this will be
something that's going to take a long
time it's going to be a lot of hard work
it's gonna be something that delays the
next cohort until we figure it out but
it's the next thing I'm setting my mind
to and it's what I think is the only way
to continue equitably equitably free is
not free for everyone and
I think this is one of the solutions now
there's a lot of stuff we got to figure
out I'll be hosting kind of like weekly
calls on on everything that I think that
I'm putting into this asking for help to
build it out everything will be done in
the open completely open books
completely open budgets every contract
everything will be in the open so when
somebody comes to the agency that's what
they're signing up for
um because that's also a big mystery to
a lot of folks like how do I do actual
contracts how do I
um
how do I talk to clients
how do I build real products well what
if every single person that was building
the product was also streaming it right
and so there's there's there's an idea
here that I think it's going to take
some time to figure out but I think it
could be a huge differentiator for folks
that really need it
now the first thing you're saying is
Leon wait a minute setting up an agency
incorporating
lawyers
contracts figuring out payroll all of
this stuff costs a lot of money why not
be a non-profit
well if I started a non-profit
the donations would come from y'all
the donations would come from you and
that defeats the whole goddamn point
of me not wanting you to have to pay any
money
I know the moment that we start a
non-profit you were all paying money to
that non-profit
that defeats the entire point of
everything I've done over these last two
years
it also causes a lot of really hard red
tape
that means that a lot of bigger Brands
can't just work with us so uh the way
that we fund 100 devs going into the
future is through the agency and
everything will be open all the books
will be open all the work will be open
and that's the way we make it
sustainable not only for us but for
everyone that comes through that needs
the means to support themselves as they
go through program now
starting all this costs a lot of money
setting up an agency incorporating uh
getting real good lawyers in place to
make sure I'm doing everything and not
[__] everything up getting real
bookkeepers all this stuff in place
costs significant money like actual
investment to get this done and so
you're saying Leon well how are you
going to get this off the ground well
I would like to introduce our first
sponsor of many
raid Shadow Legends
it's not a meme they're literally
sponsoring us
yeah it's not a joke they're they're
literally giving us money so that we can
build out the agency uh so next week I
will be playing a raid Shadow Legends
oh it's dream and they're gonna pay us
enough money that I can hire like
lawyers and stuff to to build the agency
uh but only if you all show up
uh this has been a dream of mine since
the beginning this moment right here is
what I did everything for
I've always wanted to be able to say
that we were sponsored by raid Shadow
Legends uh just for the the meme of it
but it's true it really happened they're
they're sponsoring our community
and so next week I'll be playing raid on
stream
uh for each person that signs up with
our code we get even more money for the
agency
and uh for each person
that makes it to level 25 it's a
completely free game for each person
that makes it the level 25 uh they
actually get free merch so not only did
I figure out a way to fund the agency
but there's also a way for you to get
free merch and the merch actually says
don't sign up yet we got you got to use
the code or else we don't get any money
all right that I'll release the code
next week when we do everything
um but yeah so if you shine up with our
our link that directly funds the agency
uh it'll all be open I'll show you how
much money is coming in all that stuff
and then
the folks that make it to level 25 uh I
believe I'm trying to negotiate more but
it's the first 100. can't make this [__]
up folks the first 100 folks to make it
to level 25 uh will get custom merch
that says 100 devs investor on it
you can join the boardroom
you can come join the boardroom
the people that make it the level 25
will get a mug or a tote bag that says
100 devs with our logo and then investor
because you invested in starting the
agency uh by playing raid Shadow Legends
uh so I this is like this is so fun I
love this
so I'm out here grinding y'all I'm out
here grinding I'm taking all the
sponsorships we're gonna get this agency
off the ground and I'm super happy uh
that raid Shadow Legends is sponsoring
us uh so that'll be next week come
through hang out when I share the link
if you sign up with the link uh the more
people that sign with the link the more
money the agency gets and then uh the
first hundred folks that make it to
level 25 each person that makes it level
25 makes us more money for the agency
and then the first hundred folks that
reach level 25 get a mug or tote bag
that says 100 devs investor on it so I
hope that you join us next week as we
lay the groundwork
for our community and building out the
agency
tell me this was all I love this this is
like this is the I've always wanted to
do this
let's go
all right now
before we spend some time together this
evening
one
last
push
you all
are phenomenal
software Engineers was it a joke no it
wasn't a joke this is dead serious I am
dead serious
because look look it's everything that
we want right it's everything we want
raid is completely free to play you can
play it not only on your desktop you can
also play it on your mobile phone it
runs on freaking toasters
that's perfect I will never like I
hellofresh factor all these other
companies want to work with us because
our community is so strong I say no to
those sponsors because it would cost you
money to get those things
right like if I took a hello fresh
sponsor
that is telling don't stop spamming it
because it's not gonna um I don't want
people to sign up now we need to sign up
with our link
right
if I took a hello fresh sponsorship
and
I made stuff on stream that's asking you
all to then go and buy something I will
never take those sponsorships
right
but
raid is completely free
you can play it on a toaster
and if you get to level 25
you get free stuff like what
can't beat that
all right
now
one last push before we spend some time
together tonight
you are all
phenomenal
software engineers
you all have done things
that other folks cannot do
or won't do
you have given up nights
weekends
Untold number of hours
you have ridden the roller coaster
through highs and lows you have trudged
through the trough of Sorrow you've
gotten lost in the muck
but you kept
moving
forward
and so
I want you
to be immensely proud
of the work that you put in
the work that you will continue
to do
knowledge in our brains
is the only [__] thing people can't
take from us
and whether you've been here for one
class or 69
you now have things
that others do not know
things that folks cannot take from you
things that will put food on the table
things that can unlock a career it'll
change yours
your families and those around you's
lives forever
a lot of you are at the end of the
trough of Sorrow
you're at that point that I showed you
the dip that goes even deeper
the dip
where it feels like
you can't continue
it feels like
rejection after rejection
and that stuff can eat at you more
than any other part of this process
and so all I ask
is that you don't
give
up
and when you are in that low
and you are close
go in The Struggle Bus Channel
tell us what's happening tell us what's
going on so that we can live up
to being Community taught
that we can help those
that are at the breaking point
and help pull them forward and if you
have made it through those Wiggles of
false hope and you are completing your
hunt
or you're a little earlier and you just
haven't gotten there yet when you see
somebody at that point please live out
to being Community taught and help folks
through those lows and into the job
you are a phenomenal software engineer
you are built different you have done
things that others cannot do or won't do
you deserve the things that are coming
your way you deserve to have a wonderful
career you deserve
have a wonderful life
that can be afforded to you because of
that career
I hope you remember
all the folks that are in this chat
right now
all the folks that are here right now
saying they want to help you carry the
boats and logs
that have been with us since the
beginning
they're here for you they're here for me
and when you need us most
will be here for you
it has been an absolute
privilege
to spend this time with you all
to see your journey from
not knowing the difference between HTML
and JavaScript to the phenomenal
software Engineers that you are today
building so many Fantastic programs and
applications
running meetups
getting phenomenal jobs
our community is strong because of the
work that you put in
our community is strong because you
continue to show up our community is
strong
because of the energy you bring to it
and I hope you don't forget us
I hope that you continue to show up on
Discord I hope you continue to show up
here and chat
I hope as we do all the things that
we're setting up as our big goals for
the future for this community for the
folks that need it most
you help
and so I would love
to spend
a little time tonight hanging out
on our favorite platform
and and like we started
and that's together
so I'm gonna move to Remo
I'm gonna hang out I'm gonna jump to a
bunch of different tables to uh to talk
with folks to to hang out with you all
and to
celebrate a little bit
but this isn't the end
it's honestly the beginning
of a lot of what I hope are really
wonderful things to come
we still got some classes together we
still got some sponsors to go through we
got an agency to build
we got a community to maintain
and I'm glad you decided to give me a
chance
I hope you've learned some wonderful
things and I know the job you're hoping
for is going to come soon
so
I will see you all on Remo
I hope
you have a good morning
good afternoon or good evening no matter
where you're coming from
I hope you're doing well
we don't get got
we go get
see you on Remo everybody